Add publishing option for updating site without docs (#410)
apache/druid-website-src: README.md

4. In `scripts`, run `python do_all_things.py -v VERSION`. The script assumes you used `npm` to install. See example 3 if you use `yarn`.

    **Example 1**: This command builds version 27.0.0 of the docs and latest.
    ```
    python do_all_things.py -v 27.0.0
    ```

    **Example 2**: If you already have Docusaurus 2 installed, skip the installation by specifying the flag `--skip-install`.
    ```
    python do_all_things.py -v 27.0.0 --skip-install
    ```

    **Example 3**: If you want to use yarn instead of npm, specify the flag `--yarn`.
    ```
    python do_all_things.py -v 27.0.0 --yarn
    ```

    **Example 4**: If you have apache/druid in a completely different place (see note above), specify it using the `--source` flag.
    ```
    python do_all_things.py -v 27.0.0 --source /my/path/to/apache/druid
    ```

>     **Example 5**: If you want to skip all the source docs (don't copy them from apache/druid), use the `--no-docs` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Example 5**: If you want to use the Markdown files already in this repo because you don't need to publish doc changes, use the `--no-docs` flag. The script will use the docs already in `docs/latest` to build the site. Use this if you need to republish the site to update the homepage widgets or other non-doc website pages.
```

* Probably update the updating the homepage widgets section section to mention that if all you need to do is update the data for the homepage widgets, use the `--no-docs` flag when running `do_all_the_things` script.
* Remove `27.0.0` from the example since the intent is that this flag is primarily used for updating the website pages, which means we only need to build latest.
